Kf 4175 docs site (#196)
canonical/mlflow-operator: docs/index.rst

Reviewer: I noticed some spelling inconsistencies around the docs project. Notice how we write "initialise", but then "recognize", "optimize", "authorize", etc.

Author: I started fixing these and then noticed we have a LOT of work to do on spelling. So I'm going to open a follow-on task for this.

Reviewer: I'm a huge proponent of the Oxford comma BTW, but I won't push it😇

Author: Haha we all have our preferences.

:relatedlinks: [Diátaxis](https://diataxis.fr/)

.. _home:

Charmed MLflow Documentation
============================

Charmed MLflow is a platform for managing the end-to-end machine learning lifecycle.

It provides tools for tracking experiments, packaging code into reproducible runs, and sharing and deploying models. It integrates with popular machine learning frameworks.

> It addresses a number of challenges facing machine learning teams: collaboration, reproducibility, maintenance, organisation and scaling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It addresses a number of challenges that machine learning teams often face: collaboration, reproducibility, maintenance, organisation and scaling.
```

Author: Thanks, it was a bit off. I reworded it differently.
